hundred-degree catches that one up on
top of the shoulder pads
I'm not sure anybody is ever could hit
as hard as Chris arc appointed the
Canuck truck get t-bone there though try
the recursive Brock round staying at
home
field and areas for boots got
side the 20
deep into the playbook for that point
back to pierce and deep to moment
here we go
berger said before the game
got one you're going to love
SJ Green has tied the game
lead the league in passing yardage and
boerum you could tell and look at this
oh what a play Byron Parker taking off
how about the Statue of Liberty how
about the guts on Jim Barker and my co
je can you believe that play here
the more they took this up it is why
to get out and they do
Jamal fix it back through got to kick it
out again they won't kick it out but
they don't get it out who has the
football it's a touchdown Montreal
first of the season
and that's impressive
hacky sack in the end zone to get to the
red zone huh fake letters
the lion
and he's got a touch too
I think waddle Fleming
to the end zone this is unbelievable oh
he lost it balls oh that's a fumble Oh
I cannot believe what I just saw